{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 ###Land Registry and Land Deed Protocol
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240

\fs22 \cf0 #A Stake in the Ground.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\qj

\fs26 \cf0 ##Overview
\b\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\qj
\cf0 BITNATION is an experimental form of Do-It-Yourself governance using decentralized, trustless models such as Bitcoin\'92s blockchain. Its key principle is that all participation is \'a0voluntary. Meaning that there\'92s a community consent, and approval, timestamped in the blockchain for later reference, for every claim, and transaction.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\qj

\fs26 \cf0 Objective
\b\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\qj
\cf0 Design BITNATION\'92s initial land registry and deed protocol that will be applicable for places where currently there are no functioning land registry and deeding services. Those could, for instance, be the Favelas in Brazil, or the suburbs in Ghana. It will help many countries to foster peace in their communities through resolving land disputes in a peaceful manner, and unlock wealth through securing properties. A deeded property helps people to lend money to start companies or get education, and encourages investments in the property itself.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\qj
\cf0 In addition to securing their land on the blockchain, they can also refer to the LandID on other contracts, like marriage, wills, death certificates, birth certificates etc.\
\
\
This is an experiment, and we would like as much community input as possible. We\'92re trying to use low-tech code and equipment in order to scale this in areas with scarce economic and technological resources, and knowledge. Any and all input is appreciated.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\qj

\fs26 \cf0 Process for the BITNATION Land Registry and Deed Pilot
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\qj
\cf0 The process contains three essential strands: land survey, land registry, and land deeding. However, before beginning it\'92s also key to understand the local context.\
}